---
layout: splashpost
title: Just testing things out!
category: food
<!-- permalink: /:title -->
splash: bgr1.jpg
post_type: 'splash'
---

## That's Lobstertainment
Now what? Shut up and take my money! Leela's gonna kill me. I feel like I was mauled by Jesus. Belligerent and numerous. Ummm…to eBay?


## Roswell That Ends Well
Meh. I just told you! You've killed me! Negative, bossy meat creature! Ow, my spirit! I'll tell them you went down prying the wedding ring off his cold, dead finger.


## Now, now. Perfectly symmetrical violence never solved anything.
Yes, except the Dave Matthews Band doesn't rock.
Morbo can't understand his teleprompter because he forgot how you say that letter that's shaped like a man wearing a hat.
Rebirth
Of all the friends I've had… you're the first. Goodbye, friends. I never thought I'd die like this. But I always really hoped. Who are you, my warranty?! Hey, guess what you're accessories to. Ah, computer dating. It's like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase "upside your head." If rubbin' frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I don't wanna be right.


## A Pharaoh to Remember
Hey! I'm a porno-dealing monster, what do I care what you think? Please, Don-Bot… look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! You've killed me! Oh, you've killed me! All I want is to be a monkey of moderate intelligence who wears a suit… that's why I'm transferring to business school! There, now he's trapped in a book I wrote: a crummy world of plot holes and spelling errors! Oh Leela! You're the only person I could turn to; you're the only person who ever loved me.


## And yet you haven't said what I told you to say! How can any of us trust you?
Morbo can't understand his teleprompter because he forgot how you say that letter that's shaped like a man wearing a hat.
You don't know how to do any of those.
Yeah, I do that with my stupidness.
You guys realize you live in a sewer, right?

##I Second That Emotion
Yes, except the Dave Matthews Band doesn't rock. No! The cat shelter's on to me. And so we say goodbye to our beloved pet, Nibbler, who's gone to a place where I, too, hope one day to go. The toilet. Professor, make a woman out of me.


{% highlight ruby %}
def print_hi(name)
  puts "Hi, #{name}"
end
print_hi('Tom')
#=> prints 'Hi, Tom' to STDOUT.
{% endhighlight %}